
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::ShortBody - Posy plugin to give the start of an entry body.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.52'' of Posy::Plugin::ShortBody.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

Purpose: Populates the flavour template variable $entry_short_body with the
first sentence of the entry body (defined as everything before the first .,
!, or ?) and strips out HTML tags along the way. Perfect for providing
shortened, plaintext versions of stories for an RSS feed or summary index.

This creates a 'short_body' entry action, which should be placed after
'parse_entry' in the entry_action list, and before 'render_entry'.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

``short_body_after_first_header''
If true, removes everything up to the first header it encounters in the
body, and uses the first sentence after that. (1 is true, 0 is false)
(default: true)

``short_body_replace_body''
If the short_body_replace_body option is true, then this *replaces*
$entry_body with the short body contents. This is useful when one wishes to
speed processing when one knows that only the short body is going to be used
(such as in chrono/category index pages). This needs to be done with care,
naturally. (default: false)


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::ShortBody

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

